So there you go that's the vector we're working with now that we know how to construct it.
It is possible to encode your text in the version of like a vector for again for the standing purposes.
We're not going to work with the vector.
We're going to work with the text.
So we're going to create our neural network working with the text but just keep in mind that in a machine
sense we do need to work numbers and it is possible to construct that vector of numbers from our email
and the vector of numbers will be about the same size as the email itself.
Several have this.
At the start.
Us and and the other thing here is you can see we drop the S.O.S.
Because it's not that important.
Every sentence will always start with our software so it won't make any difference if we see it in there.
So as the start or not we know we're not going to even bother with it.
We're just going to keep these as as important as we'll see why just now it's important because it will
dictate when the output will terminate.
OK so basically what we're doing is we're feeding these values into our recurrent neural network.
So as we discussed here we've got so this value goes into our first element of our recurring neural
network in the first layer and then it feeds into here.
So we'll talk we'll talk about this in a second how this works.
This this is just a classic rock or neural network but will mention LSD as well just now as you will
see.
But for now just imagine this is a classic recurring neural network feeding into itself through time
as a time and so we're adding new information like some information about an output that we would like
a memory cell.
So it's kind of is feeding into itself plus we are putting in and you are in quotes and so on.
Then here we are starting to see an output so soon as we have the Endal sentence that's what we hear
that's when we're going to revert to that structure that we talked about.
So if I jump back a couple of slides this one as you can see with eating and feeding in as it ends then
we start to see how that's architecture creating.
So here we've got the outputs then then it's then it's feeding into the next element that will get the
output next element output next element.
End of sentence and that's it.
So let's discuss this in a bit more detail as you can see here's the text of the email.
Hello Carol chicken if you're back back to us tomorrow.
And so the ideal response is like yes Ambac and of sentence that's what we're aiming for.
This is our ideal scenario how we're going to train it.
We're going to talk about that in the next tutorial.
For now we want to understand the architecture that will facilitate this ideas.
So what happens here.
We've got all that input.
So as as I regarding neural network were able to feed in whatever number of words is going to be in
this case one two three comma three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven words include commas and
full stops and 12 including the US or we could fit in an email which is like a thousand words long.
Same approach just keeps just the number of steps would be longer.
And then once that process we want to start getting output so this this will be like a parameter in
your algorithm.
You'll see that so this will be a parameter in your algorithm which would relate to which like will
be adjust to the length of your input which is your email would be a variable input and that's exactly
what we're up to.
And then once that's done the network is going to be start predicting approach.
So how does this work how does it know that it has to have like 4 outputs.
Why not three.
Why not five.
Why not.
Well the way it works is with every step starting when it starts production and again is totally up
to us to say when we wanted to start predicting and the way we are doing it is as soon as this input
is over that's when the predictions.
So this first prediction in fact any one of these predictions there's thousand options 20000 possible
predictions that all 20000 possible results that the network can pick.
So let's start with this first one here.
Once all of this has come in in this make a prediction there's 20000 variance.
So the way the neural network will do and again we're not talking about training right now we're talking
about the end result the end result is the neural network will spit out a probability score for the
options that it has.
And so it'll assign probabilities to the different words that it can pick from from you know from A
to two Apple to attend to all the way through to the Zabra and whatever other words they are in between.
So you don't assign probabilities.
And basically we will know that's likely it will.
It will analyze all the words and it will pick the one with the highest probability.
So in this case yes the world of believe it was yes out of the 20000 that's the where then is residual
information from the network is propagate forward in inheres passed on to the next cell at here.
The next one that is picked as I'm here next month is back here.
Next one is is and I've said that so end of sentence as you remember is one of those 20000 options.
And as soon as End of sentence is picked and that's when we know when to stop.
So it could have been longer.
In short so here is sort of just actually up to the network to generate the right response and hopefully
we'll know how to do that based on the training that it's been all talk about the training again in
the next trial.
So once the response is generated by the this whole this is one of us is generate this whole thing and
something Jannot time like if training was done well there will be an S.O.S.
That just means it understands that sentences need to and at some point another way you do it is you
can have a limit you could say not more than 50 words and they require something like that and then
cut it off.
So they just go forever.
So here's an example of an LACMA image.
And again this is from the R and R n n information and so here it's a type of recurrent neural network.
And here what is happening why is why I brought this up is because in an LACMA you can see we've got
that part of it here the memory cell but also an analysis T.M. we're feeding back as we remember feeding
back the the value so this value that we have or is here is very you can see the value that we're putting
up here.
We're actually feeding back into the network as you can see that sort of happen here we just have the
memory going ahead.
The memory saw that top one is like in comparison you can see that there is cell there is a memory going
through but we're not feeding this output back in.
So that's what we're going to fix.
We're going to take this output and feed it back in.
So yes is the output but also it's going to go in here.
So essentially we're using an Alice T.M. network over here to make sure that we're taking into account
not just the memory was blowing through but we're using output that we generate before and that will
help us help the network preserve understand the meaning.
So it just works better this way just it just can create better sentences like that because it remembers
what not only just the overall memory that's been passed through the network that's updated through
the cells but also because it remembers the immediately preceding word and helps it formulate better
sentences.
So that's that's our architecture that's how we're going to construct it.
Over here we've got our cells with feeding and information like creating that community of understanding
creating that vector of meaning for us so by by here by the time we get here we've we accumulated a
whole vector and this is going to be the meaning of the sentences basically contained in this cell here.
And from here we're starting to extract the answer.
And that's why these parts have their names in coater So we're taking all this information and we have
at the start we're encoding it into this one cell and then we are decoding it or providing a response
through this part so this is the encoder.
This is the decode.
So that's the overall kind of
overview of the architecture of a sequence to sequence model.
It's got a first part that encodes the meaning.
Then it's got a second part that decodes the answer from the encoded meaning through and both of them
work through an order.
And so basically we have to recurrent neural networks attached to each other here of course is a very
basic example.
And like I know it's quite complex but once we talk about the training it takes to Tauriel hopefully
will become a bit more intuitive how this works.
But this is architecture and again this is a very basic example because in reality they actually made
you can make them deep you can make them deeper than that.
And the way it works is something like this.
So you have to encode that vector meaning you have layers of recurring neural networks and then once
that's done then you start decoding.
So they not just feed into each other into themselves if you into the next layer is the next layer and
so on.
And as we know like more neurons means more flexibility for the network to assign different tasks to
those neurons assigned different roles and encode the meaning better and understand basically in human
language means understanding the senses.
All right so that was the sequence to sequence architecture.
I know it's quite a lot to take in but bear with me in the next term we'll talk about the training.
And of course once you go into the practical tutorials all of this will come to you.
Once you have your hands on it it will all make sense how you build it once you're able to actually
constructed and set the parameters set the architecture.
All of this will come in handy.
So don't stress out if there are some parts that are bits like is still a bit vague.
It will all come of time.
It's all.
It's definitely a worthwhile investment of time to go.
To have gone through this tutorial and on the equitorial We'll talk about the sequence the sequence
training and I look forward to seeing you there.
Until then enjoy natural language processing.